What are the earliest and latest dates crimes were reported in the result set (this requires MIN() and MAX() functions)?

What are the earliest and latest dates crimes occurred in the result set (this requires MIN() and MAX() functions)?

What are the 5 most frequent crimes across the dataset and their volumes?

What 10 zip codes report the most crime and what are their volumes?

Based on the results from the last query, what 3 crimes are most frequent in the zip code with the highest count of crimes and what is their volume?

What are the 3 most frequent crimes in the zip code with the highest count of crimes (using a subquery)?

What is the volume of crimes completed to crimes and crimes not completed? 

What are the offense_classification, date_occurred, badge_id and city for all crimes occurring in Jan 2024 in proper date order?

What are the badge_ids of the 5 officers who responded to the most crimes in March and the volume of crimes responded to by these officers?

What are the volumes of overall crime for each day in March in date order?

What 5 days have the highest volume of crime in April?

What is average volume of crimes for a day in April (this requires a subquery?)

Let's answer the same question, but this time using a view. 

What is the volume of crime by month in the dataset(this requires strftime() function?)

What is average volume of crime for a month in 2024 (use a subquery)?

What are the 5 busiest days for crime and what is their volume?

What are the 5 least busy days for crime and what is their volume?

What is average volume of crime for a month in 2024?

What are the volumes of crime per year in the date reported column prior to 2024 in chronological order (I call this time travel volume)?

What crimes occurred in what volumes in the zip_code 40241 over the duration of the result set?

What block address had the highest volume of crimes reported in 2024?

What block address are crimes reported most frequently in zip_code 40217 and year 2024?

Which 5 officers most frequently responds to the reports from the above query (Use a subquery)?

What are the Crime (Classification), Badge ID, and volume for all crimes committed between valentines day, and 3/1 in 40204 grouped by crime and badge_id?

What are the most frequent cities and their volumes for crimes not occurring in the city 'Louisville'?

What are the most frequent crimes and their volumes that have are not completed and have a volume >= 100?

What are the msot frequent crimes and their volumes occuring between 8a and 5p having a volume > 250?

What are the most frequent crimes and their volumes occuring between 8p and 5a having a volume > 500?

What is the most frequent crime and it's volume to occur at 3p that is not '56 ALL OTHER OFFENSES'?

What are the volumes by hour in 40223 for the crime '11 SIMPLE ASSAULT' having a volume > 1?

What are the 5 busiest LMPD Divisions by volume?

